we go even if the girls are 50 years old
per leg and away they treat how
jovanotti towards the strip tease more
neighbors
these are very weak very fragile
mass boys these bodybuilders that
look like the products of the biology of
future crosses between the gordon and comics
those of the mad scientist are well known
that theirs is a mild vocation
ascetic and that the castle of immense
muscles built in years and years of care
infinite for example always folded
in the same way the same arm is it
same time hours hours every day is not
standing
if not on precise conditions won
I weighed no alcohol nor regulated
smoke or anything else
but of so many deprivations they do not
they must suffer too much
at most in embarrassing moments yes
they will wear a veil of humor
melancholy which is their dress
of Sunday